[Workers] Service binding URL requirement (#21288)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/http.mdx

	},
};
```

:::note

> If you create a new request manually, rather than forwarding an existing one, you need to provide a valid URL with a hostname. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you construct a new request manually, rather than forwarding an existing one, you need to ensure that you are providing a valid and fully-qualified URL with a hostname. For example:
```

Take em or leave em

> If you construct a new request manually, rather than forwarding an existing one, you need to ensure that you are providing a valid and fully-qualified URL with a hostname. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
If you construct a new request manually, rather than forwarding an existing one, ensure that you provide a valid and fully-qualified URL with a hostname. For example:
```
